That's you, bitch!
No one packed you, did they?
Wu Bilian, how dare you hit me?
You rotten pheasant
Zhao Ruolan is no longer your daughter
What right do you have to bully him?
What right do you have to humiliate him?
Didn't you bully Zhao Ruolan just now?
We bully him
That's our own business in Zhaojiacun.
What's the matter with you foreign-obsessed bitch?
Sun Beifeng, you have already married Xiaodi
He is no longer from Zhaojiacun
You have no right to tell Ruolai what to do
Zhou Danming is a waste
Why are you so cruel to their father and daughter?
Who are you calling trash?
Our Zhaojiacun is the hometown of Wu Zhuangyuan
Everyone has inherited a martial arts champion
Everyone is like a dragon
You little days want to bully our people in Zhaojiacun
I'll tell you what.
No way hahaha
10 years ago, Zhou Daming lost to me
It makes you look bad.
What's wrong with losing to you?
All the young people in our village went outside at that time
Do I dare you now?